[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>This is the symbol
for that school.
Though they wouldn't let
me draw the symbol exactly
as it should be.
And to do it properly, the
area inside of this circle
should be gold.
It's actually the
right Eye of Horus,
on the surface of its
solar disk, which was
the symbol for their religion.
It begins in this way.
Both the Christian and
the Egyptian religions
have certain things in
common, like I said.
They have another
thing in common,
having to do with
Creation itself.
Both of these religions
believe that everything
came from nothing.
I'll read.
They believe that it came
from the void, the Great Void.
The Christians call it the
Great Void, or just the Void,
whereas the Egyptians
called it the Duat.
I'm going to take
my glasses off here.
Chapter one.
This is of Genesis.
I'm just going to read the first
three numbers of chapter one.
And it says, "In
the beginning, God
created the heaven and earth."
So we don't know who
God is, but that's
who created the
heaven and the earth.
Number two-- "And the Earth
was without form, and void,
and darkness was upon
the face of the deep.
And the spirit of God moved
upon the face of the waters."
And then immediately
after that, number three,
it says, "And God said,
let there be light.
And there was light."
There's a statement in it.
First of all, you see
that in the beginning
the earth was void
and without form.
It was nothing.
Voidness is nothing.
And then the next
thing that happened
is the spirit of God moved
upon the face of the waters,
or the deep.
And then this movement,
immediately after the movement,
he said, let there be light.
Well, from an Egyptian
point of view,
this is a very simplified
version of their belief.
And that there is something
missing in this belief.
Which from a physicist
point of view,
would absolutely
have to be there.
Otherwise this could
not take place.
This is impossible,
absolutely impossible,
from a physical point of view.
In the sense that
if you have again,
there's 144 different
kinds of voidness.
But in 3D space, like
we're in, voidness simply
means space with
nothing in it, no thing.
No molecules, no light,
no anything at all.
Well, if you were in 3D
space-- imagine yourself
being in deep, deep space.
And OK, you've got a body.
You can keep that
much, but nothing else.
And it's infinite, below
you, above you, behind you,
all the way around you, just
infinite, forever nothingness.
And then you decided to move.
The first thing he did, was God
moved on the face [INAUDIBLE].
So you're going to move.
How can you move?
How is that possible?
If you're going to move
from here to over there,
how do you know you did it?
Or if you turned around, how
do you know you turned around?
In physics movement, kinetic
energy, requires two points.
It requires something
to move relative to.
There has to be something
else first, before movement's
possible.
We've got to have
something here.
If we've got something
here, then you
can move relative to it.
You can move around it.
You can rotate relative
to it, everything else.
But if there is only one point,
movement or kinetic energy,
is impossible.
It has no meaning,
no definition.
There's no way for
it to be determined.
The Egyptians, in
their understanding
of the same thing,
say that there
is a step in between there.
And so they're training
is this-- they also
believe that the Great
Void-- or the Duat--
is the source of all things.
And that the only thing that
is required in the Great Void
is spirit.
Just spirit and
nothingness, and that
is the source of all things.
And they also believe that
is the movement of spirit
that creates the worlds.
But they have a
step in the middle.
And this is what they do.
They believe that spirit
contains within spirit--
not talking about body,
just spirit-- contains
within itself--
or consciousness,
however you want to look
at it-- contains within it
the key to getting
out of or beginning
the process of movement
from the Great Void.
And that key has to do
with the directions,
the sacred directions
of the American Indians.
The east, west, south,
north, et cetera,
or the sacred directions of
the Kabalah of the east, west,
north, south, up and down.
Of the four angels-
Michael and Ariel,
and Gabriel and
Raphael and Ariel,
and Metatron, these directions,
these are very, very sacred,
sacred directions.
And for many people you
might think, so what?
What are so important
about directions?
Well, when you're getting
in on the Great Void,
they're really important.
And if you were to walk
in, down this hallway,
and the hallway was
dark, but just to say,
real dimly, dimly lit, you
could barely see in there,
and you came into this room,
which was absolutely black.
You came up to the
double doors over there,
and you can just barely
see the outline the door.
But you couldn't see
inside there at all.
You could walk up to
that doorway and step
in just a little bit.
And now you're in
this total darkness.
And we all have
this innate ability
to project a certain
distance into the darkness.
Without using our
hands or anything,
we can just kind
of sense or feel
if there's anything
directly in front of us
for a certain distance.
It may only be an inch.
Maybe it's two or three inches.
Maybe it's a foot.
Or maybe it's
three feet or more.
Everybody's different.
There's a certain
distance you can go,
and you just know
nothing's there.
And you keep going.
And all of a sudden,
your knowing quits.
You're not sure anymore.
You can't go any further.
You don't know if there's
anything there or not.
And so you've got this little
line, or this projection
line that will go out into
the void a certain distance.
That is the essential
element of consciousness
that begins the process
according to the Egyptians.
And we have that
in six directions.
We have it in front.
And it's the same distance
in all six directions.
Our ability to project
into the voidness
is equal in all directions.
We can't go further to the
left than we can to the right.
And so we could project whatever
the projection in front of us.
We'll find that we can do the
same distance to the sides,
to the back and above
us and below us,
if we're thinking of
ourselves as just a spirit.
And if you want
to think of that,
you could think of
yourself as a round sphere,
maybe, with your spirit,
though, you really have no form.
So you get these six
little beams that
come out a certain distance.
Once the training in
Egypt was they would
we get them used to
projecting these beams out.
Once they projected
these beams--
and they would get
them to project them
out a certain distance.
And the distance was
27.5 feet, approximately.
They chose that because that's
the outer rim of your energy
fields.
And so they'd have
you project a beam
out 27.5 feet in each direction.
You'd learn until
you could do that.
They could train you.
So you get these six
little beams going out.
And then you've got
two going this way.
And you've got two
going that way.
going this way.
You all got the
directions clear.
So these form a square
around you, right?
If you were to see them from
above, here's the person.
You have one going out this
way, one going that way,
one going this way and
one going that way.
And then, of course,
one going this way.
So these are the four that
are around you this way.
They would then have the
person project those beams out,
those 27.5 feet, approximately.
And then they would have
them connect them together
like this, forming this flat
square or diamond around them.
And then from
these four corners,
they would run these
beams up to the top one
and form a pyramid around them.
And then they would run the
beams down and form a pyramid
facing down below them.
By the way, most of
the pyramids in Egypt
have a pyramid
going in the earth
as well as above the earth.
Centered right on the earth
there, inside as well.
Even the Great Pyramid
has a great pistol.
Uh, pistol?
Crystal.
[LAUGHTER]
See to form that pattern
going [INAUDIBLE].
So they formed
these two pyramids,
which is called an octahedron,
which looks like this.
You can So it.
This is the square
of the flat plane.
It'll be around this.
So this is the front.
And this is the back.
This is the left, the right,
and the up, and the down.
They form this shape around
their body, these two
back-to-back pyramids.
And so they go into
the Great Void.
And they form these
two big pyramids.
They're 27.5 feet.
They're 55 feet across in there.
They form these
things around them.
That's the first step they
do before they do anything.
Well, once they've created
this, and it's mental patterns.
It's nothing, right?
Just mental patterns.
But once the form has been
created around the spirit,
kinetic energy or
movement is now possible.
A little spirit
could come outside
and rotate around this thing
and come down here and move over
here.
Or it could rotate inside of it.
Or it could sit still
and rotate this.
There's lots of possibilities
that can be there.
And these possibilities
were without it.
There's nothing.
There's no way to move.
Because there's no way to
know if motion's taking place.
But with it, motion's
completely possible.
Does everybody understand that?
Any problem with that?
OK.
Now, there are other ways
that this could take place.
But this is the way that
this particular school
gave the training.
They had to proceed
in one way or another.
And this is the
way they proceeded.
So this isn't the only way
that one can proceed from here.
In fact, there is some
other real interesting ways
that this could be done.
But this is what
they were taught.
Then, as they sat
still, they were then
taught to rotate the
entire thing like this.
First, it didn't matter whether
they went forward or backwards.
You're using this axis.
So you're rotating either
forward or back, like that.
Then you would switch
to the front/back axis
and rotate either to the
left or to the right.
It doesn't matter.
And then go to the top axis
and rotate either to the left
or to the right-- doesn't
matter-- from that way.
Now, what that does is it traces
the parameters of a sphere.
And you have a
perfect sphere if you
rotate all these through
all the different patterns.
So you now have this
sphere around you.
And once they get the
sphere around them,
they're then told
to drop this image.
So they drop this.
And I wish I had one,
but I don't have one,
they go to a perfect
little sphere.
I do have a little one.
It's very little So
they go to a sphere.
The reason they switch
from the tetra octahedron--
it's called an octahedron,
that form is-- to a sphere,
is that the movements are
easier and less complicated.
The movements that they're
going to make afterwards,
to create the reality.
Though the reality could
be created through angles,
it's easier to do it
through a sphericalness.
Now, another thing that
I need to just bring up
here real quickly, a point,
is that there are two kinds
of lines in sacred geometry.
One is called male, and
the other is called female.
A male line is any
line that is straight.
That's a male line.
Any line that is not
straight is female.
No matter what it
is, if it's curved.
In other words, this
is a female line.
That's a female line.
And the most female of all
female lines is a circle.
female shapes is a sphere.
And so also, in the belief
of the Christian Bible,
is that first there
was Adam was created.
And then Eve.
And Eve was created from Adam.
Male came first, female
created from that.
And Egyptian belief-- only in
terms of geometrical things--
is that the male form
was created first.
It was purely straight lines.
And then the female
form, created from it,
was created second.
So here's this
little spirit now,
inside of this
big, round sphere.
And he's sitting right in
the center of it, he or she.
Spirit's not really
male or female.
So the spirit is sitting
inside of the sphere.
Well, spirit could
sit there forever.
There's really no
time at this point.
Time doesn't exist.
Time didn't actually exist at
all until that was created,
till the octahedron was created.
You have to have something.
There has to be something
to have a continuum.
There's no such thing as time.
There's only continuum of space.
Time is a mental thing
that we've created up.
What are you going
to do with time?
Where you going to get it?
Where is it?
What is it?
It's nothing.
It doesn't exist.
There's nothing there at all.
All there is, is the
continuum of an object
continuing through
time, what we call.
But time doesn't exist.
It's just the continuum
of space, is all there is.
So once the object was created,
then time-- as our mind
thinks of it-- was also
simultaneously created.
So the little person could
sit inside this big sphere
for a long, long, long time
until, finally, he or she says,
I think I'll do something.
And there is one very specific
thing that could be done,
that would be unique.
I guess there's a lot of
unique things you could do.
But let's put it this way.
The training is that once
you create the sphere,
you go to that which
was newly created.
That was the instructions.
That's always the
instructions, is
to go to the new thing
that was created.
Well, what is it that
was new that was created?
The membrane.
There's now an inside
and an outside.
And there's this
membrane of the sphere
that separates those two.
And that is different
than anything else
that's in the entire universe.
And so where you're instructed
to go to is to the membrane,
to the surface of the sphere.
You can't make a mistake.
It doesn't make any difference
where you go in the sphere.
You can go down, up.
And it doesn't make any
difference how you get there.
You can curve over there,
make a straight line,
or meander sideways
or whatever you want.
But you get there.
And when you get to the
surface, you're now in position.
And at that point, you only
know how to do one thing.
That's the limit of your
memory at this point.
Well, you know how to do
two things, an octahedron
or a sphere.
But you're switched
to sphericalness now.
And so you move up to the
surface of the sphere,
somewhere on it.
At which point, you
make another sphere.
And you only know how to
make one sized sphere.
You don't even know
how to make two sizes.
You only know how
to make one size.
So you make another sphere
exactly the same as this one.
And let's say, that you
moved up here, to the top.
I'm going to choose that spot
because it's more convenient.
But it doesn't really matter.
You move to right here.
And you make another sphere.
Well, the other sphere
is going to be such
that this is going to
be the center of it.
And so it creates a very
sacred form in sacred geometry.
And it is probably the most
sacred of the sacred forms
there are, just about.
This little math shape in here.
In other words,
here's where you were.
And here's the surface.
And when you moved up to
here, you created a sphere
the same size, which causes
the surface of that one
to pass through where you were.
So these two surfaces
passed through the centers
of these two circles.
And this shape in here is
called a Vesica Piscis.
And it is the creation pattern
of things like the Golden Mean
Ratio and these kinds of things.
That's what creates that.
And we'll talk about
it in a little bit.
But this image that
you see right here
has a hidden image
underneath, which
you will see later to be
the image of light itself.
It is the morphogenic structure
of that which created light.
Just the stuff that we've
got falling in the room
here right now.
And what was the very
next thing that God said
after he made the first motion?
He made the very first motion.
And immediately, he
said, let there be light.
He couldn't have done it the
other way around, and said,
let there be light so I
can see where I'm moving.
He had to make this motion
first to create this pattern.
And once this
pattern was created,
he could say, let
there be light.
Because it was through the
pattern that light was created.
And I'll be able to really show
you this on a real hardcore
science level in a little bit.
Though at this point,
it's too simple.
You won't be able to get it from
here, because it's too simple.
It's too obvious, too easy.
But remember this.
Because we'll wait about
two days down the line.
I'll come back to this.
And I'll be able to show
you what I'm talking about
after we make it more complex.
And now, at this point, now that
he's made the circle up here--
and I'll show you this
on the slides here.
Let me come to the slides--
that's the Great Void.
[LAUGHTER]
It was really the
hardest drawing
I ever did because I
couldn't find a clean card.
And that's a Great Void.
And then inside of
Great Void is the spirit
of God, which we
will use the symbol
of the right Eye of Horus.
And then these, I did
them all at once here.
These are the six
little beams coming out.
And I didn't show the step
of the octahedron forming,
or the spinning of it.
But just that it forms a sphere.
And then from that, the
little right Eye of Horus,
this spirit of
God, ends up inside
of this circle or
this sphere, which
is the symbol for the school.
Now, this is where the spirit
then makes a move from here
to somewhere on the surface.
Again, you can't make an error.
But we will go to that spot.
And it goes to there.
And when it gets there, it
only knows how to do one thing.
And that is to make spheres.
And so it makes another sphere.
And you see the Vesica
Piscis is formed.
And the gold one is the
first circle that was formed.
And this is the second one.
Now, what does it do next?
Well, it goes to that which
what was newly created.
And there was only one thing
that's new and different
in the universe now.
And that is the place
where the two circles meet.
If you think of two
soap bubbles together,
there's a circle around there.
Not a sphere, a circle, where
the two bubbles come together--
which is that green line.
So that green line
is not just a line.
If you were to look at it
from above, looking down,
you would see this.
The gold and the black
circle, of course,
coincide with each other.
But the place that
they meet would
look like an inner circle.
Does everybody get that?
Anybody not get it?
OK.
So this is the side view of it.
This is the top view of it.
Now, in the side view.
The spirit then goes
down to that green ring.
Doesn't make any
difference where it goes.
Can't make a mistake.
Just goes somewhere
under the green ring.
However, for our
purposes, I'm going
to choose this spot right here.
No matter where
you move, I could
rotate that object so it
looks like it's right there.
OK?
Depends on the angle you're at.
So it goes down
to the green ring.
And once it gets to
that spot, it only
knows how to do one thing.
And that makes a sphere
of a certain size.
And it does it.
And it gets this.
There are certain
geometrical informations
that are now present.
An equilateral triangle
is there, for example.
There are two
equilateral triangles,
which is the basis of the
Golden Mean rectangle.
The logarithmic
spiral is present.
There's all kinds of
very primary laws that
are unfolding at this moment.
This is on the second day.
I didn't mention this to you.
Do this if you want to.
And I'm going to leave this up
to you to do it, if you want.
But if you will look at what
I'm about to tell you right now,
and then read the
Bible again, it
will take on a whole new
viewpoint you probably never,
ever thought about before.
But there are six
days to Genesis,
seven days of Genesis total.
Each day has new things
that are created each time.
And you'll see some
interesting things.
This is the first motion,
from here to here.
The first motion creates
this black circle.
And that's the first
day of Genesis, up here,
at the first motion.
The second day of Genesis
comes over to here.
Here's the first
motion, first circle.
Second motion, second circle.
This is the second
day of Genesis.
The first motion created light.
The second motion
creates various things.
And if you want to correspond
all these various attributes
that are created each
time, it will all
begin to make sense in
a whole 'nother way.
You'll see the geometrical
nature of this.
And I think at this point,
I want to do something.
I think I want to do this.
Let me explain it
very carefully.
Because there's a
point I want to make.
And I think I can explain
this point to you.
Normally what I do is have
you go out into deep space,
and go through this motion
where you create the big sphere.
And then you literally move
in space over to the surface.
Not just words or
something like that,
but you do it in
your meditation.
You move over the place.
You feel yourself moving.
And you come up to the place.
And then you create
another sphere.
And then you look down and
you see this ring below you.
And then you move
down to the ring.
And then you create
another sphere.
And take it that far.
It's only that far.
At which point-- when you're
out there in that meditation,
you're in deep space, and the
room's gone and everything--
I tell you something.
The reason why I have
you go through all that,
which is that from
here on out, you're
going to start seeing a
lot of geometrical forms.
And they're going to get more
and more and more complex.
And as they do,
you may forget what
the source of all these forms
were, which was coming out
of the Great Void.
And that it was spirit
that was making these forms
through its motions.
And if you really,
really, really
want to understand what this
is all about, especially
if you study sacred
geometry later,
you must always remember
that it's not just
lines on a page, or circles
or squares, or tetrahedrons,
or dodecahedrons or whatever.
It's not just lines or
three-dimensional forms.
But they're always maps.
They're movements how spirit
moves in a Great Void.
So that's what I mean
by the chromosomes are
geometrical images
because they're really
maps of how spirit has
moved in the Great Void
to create the world
in a particular way.
And each one creates a
different consciousness.
And consciousness
simply, is just
a different interpretation,
how you interpret it.
It's like a lens that you
look through at one object
and interpret it.
There's only one reality.
Reality doesn't change.
But there's different
interpretations
of the reality, how you
perceive the reality
and yourself within it.
And so this is
what I really want
to emphasize at this point,
is that it's all motion.
It's movements.
It's maps.
It's not just lines and circles.
As long as you
can get that, then
you'll have a much deeper
understanding of what
we're about to lead into.
Now, the next thing
is that no matter how
the first two motions
were made, like I said,
you can't make a mistake.
No matter where you go under
the circle, under the sphere,
no matter where you go under the
surface of this little sphere,
no matter where you go
on to that circle that
joins the first two spheres
together, the two bubbles,
you happen to be
making a perfect line
around the equator.
You found an equator on there.
There's an infinite
number of them.
You located one of them.
And you began to make
a motion perfectly
around a perfect equator.
Not at an angle or off
to one point or anything
else like that, but at
precisely around the equator.
And so it's a vortex motion
that began starting from here.
And you started making that
motion exactly on the equator.
And once the motions began,
then from then on in,
you just follow
your heart, kind of.
You just keep making the
motion to the equator.
So you come from here and
you automatically move down
to here, following the equator.
First two motions are
a little different.
The third motions
are from then on out,
you only have to
do this same motion
over and over and over again.
The third day of Genesis,
comes down to here like this.
On the fourth day of Genesis,
you come to this spot here.
There are over 900 bibles
in the world-- 900 bibles.
In about 50% of
them or so, it says
that on the fourth
day of Genesis,
that exactly one half
of Creation was created.
You can actually see
it geometrically.
Because on the one, two,
three, fourth day of Genesis,
half of the original
circle was transverse.
Half of Creation was completed.
It then goes to the fifth day
of Genesis here, fifth motion.
And finally, to the sixth
motion-- one, two, three, four,
five, six motions.
And on the sixth motion,
this pattern is formed.
And also, sort of a geometrical
miracle takes place.
And geometrically, what
happens is this sixth circle
comes back and completes
exactly to the starting point
with nothing left over at all.
It is just perfect.
And so on the sixth
day of Genesis,
they all say-- all the bibles
say-- that Creation was
completed on the sixth motion.
And then it says, on the
seventh motion, that he rested.
He says, on the seventh day,
the seventh motion, he rested.
Because on the sixth
day, it was done.
But they're saying that
there's really seven circles.
So the seventh motion,
back into the center again,
there's no creation that
takes place in that motion.
It was finished, really,
on the sixth one.
And so this pattern, we're going
to call the Genesis Pattern.
And it is the
pattern through which
the entire reality was created.
And I hope to make that
clear to your logical mind,
your left brain side of
you, that this is true.
What you're going to
find now is that there
are going to be vortex motions.
There's going to be a
continually rotating
motion of spirit as it
extends out of this pattern.
And each time that spirit
makes one complete vortex,
a three-dimensional
shape-- for our world
anyway-- that you
can hold in your hand
is created and formed.
And these
three-dimensional shapes
are the keys or the building
blocks of the reality.
And you're now looking
at the first one.
The very, very first
three-dimensional shape
is before your eyes
in a very unusual way.
In mathematics, this one
circle with six around it
is the minimum amount
of lines that you
could make to create what
is called a Tube Torus.
If you simply rotated
that right now,
you would get what is this.
This is called a Tube Torus.
It's like a doughnut.
Nothing special.
We all know doughnuts.
But it is a totally
unique shape.
There is nothing else in
the universe like this.
Nothing that has
the capabilities
of what a Tube Torus has.
If you could have a Tube Torus,
this creates a Tube Torus.
You can also have a Torus,
which is a sphere that
comes in like that, which
is like the Earth, which
has a magnetic field that
comes into it, torical one.
But this pattern, of
six spheres around one,
creates a Tube Torus pattern.
So these are
spheres around here,
with one sphere in the middle.
However, the size of
the hole in the middle,
theoretically, is infinitely
small in this pattern.
So everybody see how if
you spun those six spheres,
you'd get one of these?
You know.
OK.
So what is this?
Well, I didn't know what
the heck it was either,
when I first got it.
And I didn't know what I had.
This is through the work
of the angels at this time,
not through Metatron.
This is where this part here,
right now, is coming out.
This is 20-something years
ago that I started doing this.
And I studied this
and studied this.
And after a while, when I
started teaching these things
about 7-and-a-half years ago,
I still didn't really know,
at that point, what this was.
And then one day, very soon
after I started teaching this,
I got a group of
people from Hollywood
that came to my doorstep
that were interested in what
I was doing because they were
doing some work in Finland that
seemed to be related
to what I was doing.
And they were trying to
figure out some things.
And there was a
man named Ior Bock.
Has anybody heard of Ior Bock?
You have?
Anybody else heard of Ior Bock?
According to the story,
there were 12 Bock brothers.
They were from Finland.
And that this family
of these 12 males,
that Hitler did everything
in his power to kill them.
There was this whole
story around how
he had this hit squad that went
around, just looking and doing
everything they could
to kill these 12 men.
And they got 11 of them.
They killed 11 of them.
They didn't get Ior.
And according to their family
history, he wouldn't get Ior.
And when Ior became
the last one,
that the female
aspect of their family
was to come to them,
to come to Ior,
and tell him some things
that he didn't know.
Primarily which was the
history of the Earth,
going back the same
number of years
that that Thoth
says we went back,
500 million years, saying
that's when we all began,
was 500 years ago.
Not us.
We started a couple
hundred thousand years ago.
I mean other civilizations,
other consciousnesses.
And the method that
these two women--
they were only two, his
grandmother and someone
else-- the method that
they were to remember what
the history of
the Earth was, was
through a geometrical
pattern, which was this.
And what they did
with this pattern,
was they ratcheted the pattern.
Now, in sacred geometry,
ratcheting means
imagine if there was two of
those patterns, superimposed
over each other right now.
One right over the
top of the other one.
And one of them you fixed.
And the other one
you could turn.
You know, like, a ratchet.
So you move something a certain
number of degrees or so?
Well, you're going to move this,
the second circle from here
over to here.
And when you do, you'd have 12
circles moving around there.
So everybody see that?
Well, if you had six
here, and they're fixed,
and you've got
another set of these,
and you took another set and
superimposed over top this one
but where the center of
this one would be here,
then you'd have another circle
here, and another circle here.
And you'd have 12
circles moving around it.
It would look like this.
And so here, there's 12 of these
circles, moving around here.
Now, what these two
women did is they
connected all
possible lines that
come out of these 12 circles.
You can see how this main line,
these radial lines coming in
that they drew, they
drew those all over.
And then they connected all
possible lines together,
creating this intricate pattern
in the center between there,
between the Creation,
the Genesis Pattern.
It had been ratcheted.
They say, that all languages
are contained in those lines.
The actual letters
of all languages.
This is what they said.
Now, I just sat there,
listening to this stuff.
I didn't know.
I had about 30
people in my room.
And they had TV cameras
and stuff going on.
And I didn't know what
they were talking about,
really, at the first part.
He said that they then
ratcheted one more time,
so they got 24 circles.
And when you do, you get
this super-intricate pattern
inside the middle, like this.
And that inside here were all
the languages, written in here.
And he tried to make
a simple pattern,
to show me what I was
talking about, like this.
This is it.
He made this.
They brought this in.
They had been creating it on
the airplane and everything,
as they were coming over.
And this is English in here.
You see the letter A, and W, and
V, and all the various letters
in the English alphabet,
he was starting
to put in there, around there.
And I looked at this.
In my mind, I'm
going, oh, come on.
You can put any old
language in there.
You know, there's so
many lines in there,
it'd be easy to draw
anything in there.
So I'm sitting there, real
straight, going yeah, OK.
But he was doing it with
this more intricate pattern,
like this one.
Again, they're just
repeating what they saw.
And you'll understand
why they got so excited
in just a moment.
According to Ior, the lines that
were arranged in here, once you
put the letters in there,
the line that would come off
of one of them would
form what's called
a transcendental pattern.
A transcendental
number in mathematics
is a number that has no end.
A good example of
that is the Phi ratio.
We're going to talk be
talking about the Phi ratio.
So I'll use that one.
Phi is a Greek symbol, Phi,
which is spelled P-H-I.
And it's a number
that is 1.6180339.
And it goes to infinity.
And there is end.
If you put a computer
in it, the computer
can't find an end, no matter
how long the computer runs
or how many computer
chips there are in there.
And they've done
it on this number.
And I'll never repeat itself.
You never know what the
next number is going to be.
It could be anything.
You never have any
idea whatsoever.
There's no pattern.
There's no way to determine
what the next number was
going to be.
It's a number from
another divisional level.
It probably is a
whole number up there.
But in here, it won't work.
It just simply doesn't
fit into this world.
And so this is called a
transcendental pattern,
once you come off of a
line off of one letter,
it'll come down
to another letter.
And then the
reflection from there
will go up to another letter.
But you never know where the
reflection's going to go.
And what they said, is
that you start with A.
And it'll start letting
this letters, which
will form words, which will form
sentences, which will tell you
the history of the Earth,
starting from the beginning,
500 million years ago, step
by step by step by step,
all the way through,
everything that happened,
all the different cultures
for 500 million years.
It's pretty outrageous.
I don't know if it
was true or not.
But that's what they told me.
And in this story,
as it unfolded,
toward the end-- which I assumed
that when they started talking
about what Lemuria and
Atlantis, they were probably
in the last couple-- it
took 20 years for these.
Two hours a day for 20
years, for these two women
to tell you the whole story,
to read the whole thing
and tell the whole story.
So if it took 20 years, and
you're going 500 million years,
then it probably was the
last week or something,
that they talked about
Lemuria and Atlantis.
And it would have been toward
the very, very end of all this.
But in the story, after they
got done with the history,
then the story started
talking about Ior himself.
Because he was supposedly
a King of the earth,
according to this thing.
And that his fathers and
fathers and fathers went back
for kings that have
gone back all the way,
since the very beginning.
And they were hidden kings in
the earth, according to him.
That they had a
temple in Finland.
I mean, this sounds
like science fiction.
Except that I saw it on video.
I watched the whole thing.
If they hadn't have
brought the videos,
I think I'd have
kicked them out.
According to the story.
He was to go to this
particular mountain.
And to dig in this
particular spot.
And before he ever
did, they went and got
a permit to do this,
archaeological permit
and everything else like that.
Did the whole thing
legally through it.
They got the whole stuff.
And they went to the spot,
and they started digging.
And they got the
TV cameras on it.
And I sat there
for six hours, man,
watching just about
every shovelful.
It was 30 days.
But they condensed 30
days into six hours.
And I felt like it
was about two months.
Because I mean, they were--
[IMITATING SHOVELS DIGGING IN
ROCKY SOIL]
There was about 30 or 40
of them doing this digging.
And what they told them was
is that they would dig down
a certain number of feet.
And they would find
a granite slab.
The granite slab would
weigh 200 or 300 tons, would
be approximately from here to
the wall in length, about six
or seven feet wide and
about this deep, polished
like a mirror, they would find
this granite slab in there.
And underneath that
granite slab would be
about six inches of red clay.
And the people from
Hollywood analyzed the clay.
The clay doesn't even
exist in Finland.
And then underneath
that, there would
be this granite slab like this.
And then this red clay.
I should use red.
And then another granite slab.
And then this red clay in here.
And then another granite slab,
these huge, enormous slabs.
And then another
thing of red clay.
And then another granite slab.
And then more granite clay.
And then more red clay.
[LAUGHTER]
And then another granite
slab, six of them.
It's like, the
creative thing of the I
Ching, six straight lines.
And this was about six or
seven feet under the Earth.
It wasn't that far.
And so these guys dig
down, say, here it is.
And they clear the
whole thing out.
And you can see it.
It's this big, huge,
piece of granite.
Only these guys are
all Finnish hippies.
They're not archaeologists.
And they're going,
well, how are we
going to get this out of here?
I don't know.
[LAUGHTER]
They could lift it.
You couldn't, even a crane.
How you going to
lift 200 or 300 tons?
And so they decided
to blow it up.
[GASPS]
And that's what they did.
I watched them on the thing.
They stuck dynamite
on this thing.
And they blew it all to bits.
And they carried the pieces out.
And they blew the next one up.
And they just blew their
way, blasted their way
through this thing.
I couldn't believe
they were doing this.
And then, according
to the story,
after they got
through this, then
the mountain would be carved
out by hand underneath there.
Because they were right at
the base of this mountain.
And there would
be a carving out,
and it would go into
a wedge like this.
And you could see, they
cleared out all this stuff,
going all the way down.
It was, like, 40, 50 feet,
going down into this mountain.
And here was this perfect wedge
with all this sacred geometry
etched into the walls.
That's the part I was--
wow, look at this stuff.
You know?
And going all the way down.
And at the bottom, they
would come to this door.
They told me in advance before
they even started digging,
this is what the story was.
And they got down to the bottom.
And here was this
false door that
had been carved into the
side of the mountain.
Looked like a door.
But it was just a false
door, carved into it.
They were then told that in
the other side it was hollow.
And there was a passageway.
The passageway would go down.
And then it would curve up.
And then curve to the left.
And then begin a vortex, going
like this, deep into the Earth.
I believe what they said,
10 miles into the Earth,
with 15 million rooms
off of this hallway.
I mean, that's
pretty outrageous,
no matter how you look at it.
But that's what they said.
And that the first 200
or 300 of these rooms
would have a gold, full-size
life statue of the kings
that Bock represented.
His father's father's father's
father's father's father,
going all the way down there.
And in there were
all these treasures
associated with each one
of these different kings.
And then underneath
that were rooms
that were associated
for other people.
I don't know what this all was.
And so I watched all this stuff.
And they got down to the room.
And he's drilling.
You see him with one of
these jackhammers, going--
[IMITATING JACKHAMMER]
--like this on this door.
And it's supposed to be
hollow on the other side.
And he's going--
[IMITATING JACKHAMMER]
--like this.
And he goes--
[POP]
--pops through like this.
The guy almost falls over like
this, and pulls the thing out.
And they said, well,
what do we do now?
And at that moment,
according to the story,
as soon as they popped
through and made the hole
to see that it was
hollow, then Ior
was to go to India,
for six months,
and to study with somebody.
And so I had got them after
they just popped through.
Ior was still in India.
And they're in my
room, showing me
these videos about this thing.
And so they're going,
well, what do you think?
[LAUGHTER]
I don't know.
I mean, all I could say, was
that this was a sacred pattern.
But I didn't know.
I didn't know.
So they promised me that as
soon as Ior went in there,
they were going to go over
there and film the whole thing.
And they would let me
know what happened.
Six months went
by, and not a word.
A long time went by.
And I finally called
one of these guys up.
And I said, whatever
happened on that?
He goes, we don't know.
Ior went in.
And then dead silence.
Wouldn't let anybody film it.
Wouldn't let anybody come over.
Wouldn't let anybody
see anything.
They won't talk
about it any more.
Nothing, that's it.
So I don't know what's
happened on that.
So I took this, and I have
this big file of weird things.
I put it in my weird thing
file and filed it in there
with all this stuff
that somehow is
attracted to me all the time.
I don't know how I get it.
And put it in and i figured,
well, someday it'll make sense.
But I don't know.
But in terms of
language being in there,
that was the first time I'd
ever heard that language
was associated with this.
But I didn't believe it.
And I didn't know what
to think about it.
Then, sometime later,
a couple years went by.
And a man named Dan
Winter came to my house.
And we sat down and a good
time talking about Sacred.
He's another guy involved
in sacred geometry,
up in New York.
And he's done a lot of
real interesting things
with sacred geometry that
are really pretty good.
And he's a good guy.
He's really trying to solve a
lot of the world's problems.
>>The universe is comprised of
a single, contiguous, folded
surface.
And when a disturbance
or perturbation
strikes that medium, there
is a natural tendency
for toroidal
doughnut-like shapes
to occur folded in that space.
Torus doughnut is
self-standing because it
folds as wave and stores
inertia in three kinds of spin
at once-- X, Y, and Z-axis spin.
So this way of self-conserving
inertia in toroidal doughnut
forms is the way the beginning
of the universe occurred.
So we can we attempt to record
and describe mathematically
what happens when a drop
touches a folded surface.
This is actually a
3D map of a sine wave
animated mathematically.
But we can see that this
folded surface is constantly
recording the shape
of the wave that's
being permitted to stand on it.
And note how you
get this dimpling
doughnut, spiral
kind of foldedness
that constantly records shape.
And if the universe
is a unified field
and a compressible medium,
shape is really the only thing
that we have to remember.
Shape has to record all
the forms we call matter.
These toroidal doughnut-shaped
domains or fields or field
effects, as they're called, nest
concentrically, even fractally.
And the way they embed
one inside each other
is a clue for how the beginning
of things that we call atoms
occurred from the long wave and
the shapes of pressure eddies
that spans galaxies wide.
These waves use the
universal language
of pressure storing
inertia and momentum
to remember language of shape.
And shape is everything
we have to remember.
Because in a unified field, only
shape is stored to remember.
Later we'll look at
how the heart muscle
itself is layered according
to these viewpoints of spin
symmetry and how emotion
and events in the body
are following the
same wavelength.
But first, we'll look
at the actual creation
of the Atomic Table from the
wave shape of these domain
doughnuts.
This is three doughnuts,
spinning at 90 degrees
to each other, nesting into
what we'll eventually see
is actually the creation of
the shape of a cube, which
is three
perpendicular-- we might
think of them as orbitals.
So we'll have a
chemical meaning later,
when we think of pi suborbital.
Here we're going
to actually begin
to create the shape of the cube.
Here's another view those three
vortex light cone domains.
As they tilt into
the cubic array,
three perpendicular
domains can phase lock.
And this symmetry
among domains is later
what we're going to
call quantum theory.
It's important to remember that
what our cookbook to chemistry
is the memory of how to tilt
these nifty little doughnut
domain doohickeys.
The simplest
possible arrangement
of faces to make
a platonic solid
is called the tetrahedron.
It's called this because
it has four faces.
If we see that the simplest
possible arrangement
of light cones here is four
vortex faces converging
to make tetrahedron,
so four pairs of them
will make the next view,
which is the octahedron.
Four individual light
cones make the tetrahedron.
We'll later see that the
viewpoints of the tetrahedron
have more symmetry
or more mirror
spin axes than any of the
other platonic solids.
And later, we'll
be able to build
more beautiful and complex
platonic symmetry arrays.
This is based on
the dodecahedron.
This is six pair--
or 12 light cones--
nested in the arrangement
of the dodecahedron.
Of course, the beautiful,
pentagonal flowering symmetry
shape.
So again, let's remember
the simple shape
of two of these doughnuts,
nested together, spinning.
Notice the geometry
in the center
there, created because the
two of them are spinning.
And they're phased lock.
They're nested.
See the outline of
the square there?
The cube is implied.
We'll see another view of that.
And this is the same form.
We've just added
the third doughnut.
So now it's spinning on
the z-axis, the x-axis,
and the y-axis.
There's a beautiful
cube in there,
three spinning doughnuts.
Note how the simple sine
wave, when we spin it around,
actually makes the doughnut.
So actually, the cross section
of the symbol for the Tao
was really built
on the sine wave.
And then we can take the
same embedded nesting
of the long wave on the
short wave of sine waves
to make electron
shells and orbitals
and eventually braid
them into the 3D forms
that we know of as
membranes, objects.
We braid those nested, embedded
waveforms into symmetry space.
And we can make a sphere.
It's really necessary
for the universe
to invent ways for
sine waves to nest
before she can create 3D
balloons and membranes
and bubbles, things
that have surface.
And remember, all
of this was done
by simply remembering
how to spin
a doughnut in three dimensions,
or three axes of spin.
So this, prepare
the field, the field
affect the domain that we
have to do with our attention,
boils down to this
issue of remembering
how to spin the doughnuts.
So the number of dimensions
is the number of spins
that are superposed.
The only sense in which
dimension has any meaning
is this superposition
or concentricity
of axes of spin or rotation.
So what we've been
calling dimension
has really been the ability
of wave doughnut vortex fields
to be superposed.
This is important.
Because now we're going to
get the sense of if we want
to live in more
than one dimension
at once, with respect to
our attention or awareness
or consciousness, we must
be able to focus or phase
lock or cohere with
these field effects.
And this is what
happens with emotion
in the body, which we'll look
more at in a little while.
Concentric lines
of force even apply
to the way in which the planet
maintains its electrical
and its phase lock to
its gravitational fields.
So the way in which populations
interact with these field
effects help determine
whether the planet
is stable, even tectonically.
By tracing the path
down two light cones,
we've actually put 10 spirals of
Golden Mean on that light cone,
and traced a beautiful
series of overlays,
suggesting how organic
shapes occur when these field
effects occur in light cones.
It's fun to play with.
And then they reach center.
This is another animation
similar to the one that we
started with, showing
the relationships of four
light cones, nested
and spinning.
The spiral of Golden
Mean, if we see it from
above, going down at cone, and
then rotate it to the side,
it begins to look like the
tongue of the serpent there,
hence the term, serpent power.
And later, we're going
to revolve this form
into something we
call the grail cup.
This is reminiscent
of how it is that we
get this recursion
from the large world
into the small, idealized by
the scope within the spiral.
So we can take this spiral now.
This is one spiral,
seen from four views.
The top left is the a top view.
And then to the right,
we have a side view.
The bottom left is
another side view.
And bottom right
is an oblique view.
And then we begin to
revolve this spiral.
And we get a cup shape.
And this cup is
infinitely recursive.
You can zoom into it.
First, let's turn it around.
We can see the different
view points in the cup.
There are seven regions that
will map onto perfectly, just
as there is seven spheres
that will fit together
into that thing, there
are seven regions
that map perfectly onto this.
And they just gave them
seven different colors.
So this is called a seven-color
map that was on there.
If you really want
to understand that,
I suggest you get a
mathematical book,
and read all the thesis of it.
It's from Arthur
Young, is who it is.
They've mapped other
maps onto these now.
And these seven regions are
associated with the heart.
The heart has seven
regions and seven muscles.
And they move according to this.
There's a direct
association with the seven
regions of the two torus and
the heart, the human heart.
Yes, Dan Winters?
Yeah, I'll get you next.
>>A question about our origins.
It's not directly about this.
But it is something
that we covered
that I feel would be
useful to have explained
just a little bit further.
And that is, that I understand
that the Anunnakis created
the slave race.
We had the Hebrews and
we had the Martians
come to this Earth.
Was there such a thing
as original Earthlings?
And where are they in the
scheme of things today?
>>The image that
Thoth gave to me
was that the Earth
has been like a womb
for many, many, many
different races,
unconsciousness of beings
that have come here,
different kinds, lots of
different, real different kinds
of consciousness, going
back 500 million years.
And these races go
through these five stages.
And then they leave.
They completely leave
the whole octave.
They go do something
totally different
than be with their planets
and this kind of being-ness.
>>They leave through ascension?
>>Well, ascension as
we know ascension,
is going from one
level to another level.
Now, the final phase
is beyond ascension.
It's actually going onto
another way of being.
When you reach
the 55-foot level,
and you become that perfection,
Then at that point,
there is something
that we are capable of
doing that we can't really
talk about at this level.
It's something
beyond all of this.
We go beyond it.
So the Earth becomes,
like, a breeding ground
to create these races that
go on to this other place.
And the slave race,
we maybe initially
were started that way.
But we came out of that
when Adam and Eve broke away
from that, they set us aside.
The slavery race kept going.
And they set us aside
to grow on our own.
And at one point, they
just stopped all of that.
And they all died.
Because they couldn't procreate.
So the slave race,
basically, died out.
And that this new aspect with
Adam and Eve is what we are.
That's where we came from.
>>And the original Earthlings?
Are they separate
from, or intermingled?
>>You mean the original ones,
meaning from the Adam and Eve?
>>No, no, before that, when
the Annunaki came here,
were there inhabitants
upon this Earth
that we might consider to
be original Earthlings?
I know you said your
first wife was from Earth.
And I didn't know what--
When I say, someone
is from Earth,
I mean they have been in
this evolutionary cycle
for a long time.
But this evolutionary cycle
only goes back 200,000 years,
a little longer than that.
You know, if you want to stretch
it back to what Sumerians say,
250,000 years.
But no matter how
you look at it,
it's 200,000, 250,000 years.
So I don't see there
being any such thing
as an original Earthling.
Everybody has come
from somewhere else.
And ultimately, we all came
from outside of the system.
And at that point, we were
just one being, one spirit.
There was just one.
And we came in and
diffracted into this place.
And we've diffracted,
and we've diffracted,
and we've diffracted, and we've
diffracted further and further,
further down.
And this is about as far down as
you can go in the diffraction.
But if you were to look
at these diffractions
where they came from, we've
all come from different places.
If you want to say,
where we came from.
But even when you get
to that place, you say,
well, I came from Sirius.
When you get to Sirius,
you find the diffraction
that you aren't really from
Sirius because you track it
further enough down
from there, you've
come from somewhere else.
And if you keep following
that back, you'll keep going.
And if you go back
the diffraction rate,
you'll keep coming back
until you come to this place
where you go outside of
it, outside of the system.
This whole waveform
universe is something
that was created from a sphere
by one person, one spirit,
whose name was Metatron.
This is my belief.
And he sat in this circle
with these particular beings
and conceived of
the idea of a sphere
from which everything
else was created through.
And this is an experiment.
We live in an experiment.
It's just a test case,
see how it would work.
And it's not complete.
We don't know what
the end result is yet.
We're not all the
way through it.
We're like a rose that
is just a little bud that
is still opening.
And it hasn't actually
formed a rose.
And we're not sure what it's
really going to look like.
Now, there are
places, there are ways
of being that
spirit can inhabit,
that are completely
different than this.
There's no words.
There's no images.
There's no nothing that
could transmit that.
There's nothing in
this system that
could transmit the
kinds of things that
would be outside the system.
And this is what we
would eventually get to.
We come out as one spirit.
We come into this whole thing.
We come down, and we live it.
Because that's the only way
you can find out what it is.
And then, once we
get down in here,
and we mingle all
that in here, then
we start returning back,
coming back through all this.
Which it's a joining
process, rather than that.
You keep coming back up to
higher and higher levels
with larger bodies of
single consciousness,
until you find you
come to these planes
where there's only this
single consciousness that's
everywhere.
And then the decision
is made whether or not
you remain there.
Or if you go back
outside the system
again, and return into
the original source.
This is the image that I have
held for a pretty long time,
about 10 billion years.
And that's how I've seen it.
Though if you've got a
better way, I'll look at it.
But I guess that's about
all I can say on it.
You know?
But nobody's form anywhere.
And even these different
places are just illusion.
There's no-- all this stuff.
I mean, when I say illusion,
I mean, it doesn't exist.
This?
It doesn't.
There's no solidness here.
There's no table here.
It's just space.
And it's just movement.
It's all based on just movement.
We can break it down to
our mind gives us solidity.
Our mind gives the
temperature of things.
What we're sensing is all
of our sensing devices.
But it's not real.
>>And yet, it's important
to know where we came from
in order to combine
with where we are,
to know where we're going.
>>Well, we're talking about
in a contracted, small amount
of time and space.
And this is important
for us here and now,
under these conditions,
for us to do this.
That may not be true under
different conditions.
In polarity consciousness,
where our consciousness
is broken into threeness,
that's necessary.
A little bit further
down the line,
that would not even make sense.
OK.
>>Getting back to
the Tube Torus--
>>Thank you.
[LAUGHTER]
>>Where does the name come from?
Why is it called Tube Torus?
>>Tube, is like an inner tube.
>>Right.
>>And a torus is the
particular mathematical shape
that does this.
There is no other
shape that will fold in
on itself like this.
>>Oh, that's the torus.
>>The magnetic field that
comes back through and comes
like that, that whole thing,
like the apple-type shape,
that's a torus.
And a Tube Torus is one
that's in the shape of a tube.
Is there any more shapes
about the alphabet and this?
Yeah.
And more shapes?
Any more questions?
[LAUGHTER]
>>Is the human auric
field, in its full growth,
isn't it the exact
shape of the Tube Torus?
>>Not exactly.
But it is a torus.
We have a north
and a south pole.
And we have a field that wraps
around and comes back right
through the center like this.
So we are a torus.
In fact, you'll see this on
the screen in a little while.
Now, here is the next rotation.
With the first rotation, we
saw this little guy pop out.
Now, the next one is that you
go to the innermost places.
So the gold one is the
six days of Genesis.
And these are the
innermost places.
And so the rotation rotates on
those spots and centers there,
and creates this pattern.
So this is the second rotational
pattern going around like that.
And when you do that,
you're now looking
at another
three-dimensional shape
that you can hold in your hand.
And it's a really
super important one.
It's the second
shape of Genesis.
But I mean, I remember
when the angels told me
exactly what I just told you.
And I was going, really?
And I said, what is it?
And they just said, look at it.
They wouldn't tell me.
And I had to sit there.
They always do that.
They make me work all the time.
And I sat there, I
mean, for two days.
Just, there's a shape in there?
Looking at it and looking
at it and looking at it.
And finally, all of a
sudden, it just went boing!
It just popped out at me.
You know, wow.
There it is.
If you were to erase all
the lines in the center one,
and erase certain other lines.
In fact, we erase
all these black lines
and also all the ones in the
center, what pops out is this.
Which is an actual
three-dimensional shape,
that I'll go back one more time
so you can see where they are.
And that is a
three-dimensional view.
I'll draw lines
through it in here,
of a cube with a
sphere on each corner.
You can't see the
eighth one, of course.
Because that's on
the other side.
And so this funny little
thing of either little spheres
comes popping off the page
on the second time around.
This had a name, according
to the ancients, also.
And they called it
the Egg of Life.
I didn't understand that term
when they first gave it to me.
It took me awhile.
Now it makes perfect sense.
Because it is the morphogenic
structure of biology.
It creates all the
living life forms.
It creates you.
Right down the very shape of
your eyes and everything else.
It's the structure
that forms bodies.
And it is also the one that
has to do with sound and light.
It is interrelated with that.
As we will clearly be able
to show in organic structure,
that sound and light
are interrelated.
And this is the shape that
ties them all together.
And so for right
now, I'm just going
to introduce it, that it's here,
give a name and put it down.
And in a little bit,
we'll come back.
And I'll be able to show you
what I mean by what this is.
There's then another vortex,
what you go, one more
time you rotate around.
This is the third rotation
around the central Genesis
Pattern.
There's also another pattern
here, of seven spheres.
You see this one in the middle.
And you see this one
here, and this one here.
And there's seven spheres that
are just touching each other.
These just touch each
other all the way around.
Does everybody see that?
Anybody not see it?
OK.
That pattern is real special.
But it requires something else
in there for it to be clear.
It took life a long time to
understand this part of it.
And when they did, life
decided that the pattern
that I'm about to show you was
so sacred that they hid it.
It's never shown.
And I don't even know where it
ever is shown, except for here.
It usually isn't shown.
The flower of life up here,
this is the outer limits
of the flower of life.
What they do right now,
all over the world,
is they encircle this with
two circles, completed
to this image.
So if you notice,
there's 7 circles
in this one that just
fit around there.
Does everybody see that?
Does anybody not see it?
Except in this one, they
completed the whole pattern,
all the way through it.
And then they put this on
the walls all over the world.
In fact, It's all over the
universe, not just here.
Why did they stop right
here and not go on?
In all the world,
there's these 19 circles.
Because this could be
an infinite pattern.
What was it about this thing
that they were trying to hide?
Well, the reason they
put it right here
and stopped at this place was
because of this sacred form
that I'm talking about, but
they didn't want you to see.
But they wanted you
to know it was there.
And so this was the secret.
And the secret is to
get to the sacred form
is you complete the circles.
You see how there's
a piece of one here.
And here's another bigger piece.
And there's three little
tiny pieces of circles.
You put your compass so
that one would go, whoosh,
around like that.
There's another piece
of a circle completed.
Complete all the circles that
are shown on this pattern.
And look to see what
the next vortex is.
The very, very
next vortex, here's
the Flower of Life image.
This is the seven
circles, this touching.
And this is the limit.
Here in pencil, you'll
see all those circles
that were completed.
The next rotational pattern
is the innermost points,
which are there, there,
there, there, and there.
And so I drew the
circles on there.
And so if you just complete
the circles of here,
make the very next
rotation, and what you get
is this pattern of 13 circles.
It looks like this.
So if you extract that
out, you get this.
And it's another one of
those so-what kind of things.
You know?
I mean, it's so simple.
Who cares?
You know?
What difference does it make?
Well, to the ancients, this was,
like, blinding light almost.
There was so much
knowledge there
that it was just
hard to imagine,
that one form could
hold so much knowledge.
It was given the name
of the Fruit of Life.
Remember, we had the Flower
and the Seed, and the tree.
And I never talked
about the fruit.
The fruit is what the
whole tree is for, right?
To create the fruit, in a way.
And it's the part that
gives nourishment.
It's the part that
is the completion
of the reason for everything.
Well, hidden in
this image, there
are 13 systems of knowledge
that delineate very carefully
all the fine points
of the entire reality.
Really, real, real good in
every little tiny detail,
all the details.
And I'm only going
to show you four
of the systems, though
there are nine more.
But by the time I get
done with four of them,
I think you'll be
able to see the point.
And all it is-- this is
all-female energy on the page
here-- there are 13 way that
male energy can be superimposed
over this.
Each one of them, produces
this vast, huge massive library
of information.
And so I'm going
to begin by showing
the first system, the
simplest one, the easiest one.
And the one that I screwed up
on, I just realized, recently.
But the simplest one is to
simply connect the centers.
Like, this center could be
connected by three lines,
connect them all.
This one over here,
it takes seven lines.
And this one out
here, I think it's 10.
No, this one takes
10 and this one
takes 7, to connect
to all the other ones.
This is what I mean.
So that you connect
this center to that one.
And this center to that one.
And this center to
this one, et cetera,
all the way through here.
So you connect
them all together.
And this is called, throughout
the universe, Metatron's Cube.
It's one of the initial steps
of Creation, the whole image.
The whole thing is
called Metatron's Cube.